| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 20.11.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 |
| Location : | Drebbelweg (DW) IZ1 |
| Chair | Mihnea Matea |
| Minute Taker | Thijs van Deventer |
| Attendees : | Madhav Tiwari, Bianca Radoi, Stefania Faur |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (3 min )
    - Everyone was doing fine

- Announcements by the team (1 min )
    - There where no announcements by the team

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
    - There where no additions

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? (0 min )
    - No previois meeting

- Announcements by the TA (10 min )
    - Have we looked at the Template project? No we have not
    - Deadline next week: Code of conduct
    - General project thing: don’t create accounts with passwords and authentication, too much work
    - Send Email when missing a meeting to lecturer not TA
    - Knockout criteria: 
        - Starts next week (25 nov) 
        - Make sure you have enough submits, to make sure you participate
        - You should do more then the minimum criteria, minimum is not enough
    - Merge per 100 lines of code (not sure)
    - There is a Mattermost group with the TA and one without. Chat in the one WITH the TA.

- Presentation of the current app to TA (0 min )
    - Did not happen, because it was not relevant for the first meeting

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    - Missing member of our team (3 min )
        - Missing member (Justin) was at the meeting, so irrelevant

    - Creating the code of conduct (20 min )
        - What is COC? -> base rules of how to work together:
        - Do we want to have extra meetings: yes, 2 addition meetings preferable.
	        - Monday, afternoon , at 14:00 
	        - Wednesday after the TA meeting
	        - Saturday afternoon additionally 
        - TA recommends working on the COC during the meetings -> COC is for you guys, 
          as a way to work together. None the less mandatory for next week.

    - Creating/Discussing Checkstyle of the project (15 min )
        - We are required to choose ten base rules to follow with coding. A base role is “no unused imports”.
        - We want to get the checkstyle from IP, and moddify it. 
        - Do we need to hand in Checkstyle? (answer TA) no, i dont think so, but check brightspace.
        - Checkstyle needs to be implemented on gitlab?!

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (5 min )
    •	Deadline next week: Code of conduct -> Mihnea Matea will submit it to brightspace
    •	Everybody: check out the Template project
    •	Meetings:
        - Monday, afternoon , at 14:00 
        - Wednesday after the TA meeting
        - Saturday afternoon, 12:00
    •	Next meeting when everyone is there: Creating a checkstyle -> We want to get the checkstyle from IP, and moddify it. We want to get the checkstyle from IP, and moddify it. 
    •	Meeting on Saturday: we want to look at the backlog. 
    •	ASAP: Setup plan for coming weeks, Get things in a row  that need to be done.
    •	For everybody, Before Wednesday: Main prioraty is to make the self study

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (2 min )
    - Everyone was satisfied with the meeting, and all Talking Points had been mentioned

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min )
    - The meeting was 6 minutes shorter than expected, 3 due to the missing person point being skipped. But overall we did really well. 

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (2 min )
    o	Question: Do we get anymore “info” ? (Mihnea)
    -	 Answer: not perse, be TA will our guide. Make sure you have the required stuff, only then extra features. Look into the backlog with your group.

    o	Question: How much of the code needs to be tested, is it necessary?
    -	Answer: (TA) always good to check, and a good way to get lines of codes. Discuss with the group how much line coverage you want to have. You code, test your code, the merge.
    -	Additional Answer: There is no rubric, but it is in the process rubric. 
        It is more about whether you are even testing, rather than the quality of you test. It is good practice to test, so do so. 

    o	TA added some work info:  
    -	make a sketch of a object diagram
    -	user makes request to get info (called endpoint) 
    -	Endpoint needed for making a note, deleting a note, moving a note, etc. 

- Closure (1 min )








