| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 18.12.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 |
| Location : | Drebbelweg (DW) IZ1 |
| Chair | Stefania Faur |
| Minute Taker | Bianca Radoi |
| Attendees : | Madhav Tiwari, Bianca Radoi, Mihnea Matea, Thijs van Deventer, Justin Romeijn |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (1 min )
    - Everyone is doing good

- Announcements by the team (1 min )
    - There were no announcements
    
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
    - There were no additions

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting, was something forgotten ? (1 min )
    - Everything was good

- Announcements by the TA (15 min )
    
    - Write tests for server
    - Buddycheck and feedback
        Formative feedback doesn't count for the course grade
        The TIPs should follow the AID model (action, impact, do differently) and should be concrete
    - Tasks and planning
        We can still improve the grade for this since progressis what mainly counts

- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min )
    - One delete page is enough
    - Fix bugs when a note is added
    - Work on accesibility
    - Work on frontend for full-app

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    - Discussing incidents regarding missed meetings and lack of efficient communication (3 min )
        - Possible changes in schedule to accomodate everyone
            - Announce the others in advance if you can't attend a meeting

    - Holliday schedule and online meetings (3 min ) 
        - December 29th online meeting with a part of the team to quickly discuss the progress
        - January 4th meeting with the entire team

    - Did everyone complete their tasks discussed last time ? Are there issues that still need to be addressed ? (3 min )
        - Everyone worked on what they were supposed to, but there are some bugs that need to be fixed like auto-saving the title of a note and error when adding a note

    - Discussing and explaining this week's milestone - Are there any additions ? (5 min )
        - Possible questions about the new labels
            - From now on use labels when creating issues
            - Stefania will create the issues for everyone for this week
            - Mihnea and Justin: language switch, we decided to have the following languages: English, Dutch and Romanian
            - Mihnea: fix the auto-save
            - Stefania: work on frontend, syncronization bugs and accessibility
            - Thijs and Madhav: work on collections
            - Bianca: start embedded files

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (5 min )

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (1 min )
    - The meeting went great 

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration (aprox . 45 min ) ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min ) 

- Closure (1 min )
