| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 15.01.2025 |
| Time : | 14:45 |
| Location : | Drebbelweg (DW) IZ1 |
| Chair | Thijs van Deventer |
| Minute Taker | Mihnea Matea |
| Attendees : | Madhav Tiwari, Bianca Radoi, Mihnea Matea, Thijs van Deventer, Justin Romeijn, Stefania Faur |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (1 min )
    - everyone is ok
- Announcements by the team (1 min )
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
    - the agenda is agreed by everybody
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting, was something forgotten ? (1 min )
- Announcements by the TA (5 min )
    - incorrect knockout emails; correct ones on the way
	- next week: normal weekly warning; total lines of code warning (client/server minimums)
- Presentation of the current app to TA (3 min )  
	- Thijs presented the app to the TA
	- language initial implementation 
	- collection implementation
	- still no unique titles
- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss ) (15 min)
    - we still need to see why the autosave affects the wrong note
	- failure of feedback: TA thinks the app could have been repairable (could be extra time / some repair assignment)
	- discussion about running the project: the ReadMe needs to be updated. (be sure that it works)
	- rubric about checkstyle: have 10+ checkstyle rules that fail your pipeline. This could affect the overall mark. 
		we should choose them and enforce them.
	- Server-side testing was added by Mihnea and Madhav. Thijs could look over for the File class.
	- Justin announced he will be dropping out. An email will be sent to the course staff and they will change things. 
		He will finish the language implementation even though he is leaving. 
		The grade will be adjusted if the course staff sees fit.
	- If anyone can, go through checkstyle errors. Before hand, we should set the 10 rules that we need.
	- Feedback: no more questions after the meeting. 
	- Meeting ended 15 minutes earlier.
- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (7 min )We will work on: 
	- Bianca: work on connection between client and server for the file adding.
	- Mihnea & Madhav: work on the bug regarding the unwanted modifications after a search of a note. 
	- Mihnea: look into the bug regarding the refresh on multiple clients.
	- Stefi: she could implement the unique titles after the collections. 
	- Thijs: finish the collections with some help from Madhav;
	- Thijs: server tests for the file class.
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (1 min )
	- no feedback was given
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (5 min )
	- no questions after the meeting
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration (aprox . 45 min ) ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (2 min ) 
- Closure (1 min )