| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 27.11.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 |
| Location : | Drebbelweg (DW) IZ1 |
| Chair | Bianca Radoi |
| Minute Taker | Stefania Faur |
| Attendees : | Mihnea Matea, Madhav Tiwari, Thijs van Deventer, Justin Romeijn |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (3 min )
    - People have passed the exams, overall good mood

- Announcements by the team (5 min )
    - The meeting on Monday will be held on Tuesday next week
    - The meeting on Saturday will be held online from now on

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
    - All members seem fine with the agenda proposed

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? (1 min )
    - People read the minutes and there were no complaints or additions

- Announcements by the TA (5 min )
    - Deadline for code of conduct on Sunday, feedback next week, if failed we can submit again and repair
        - Make sure we follow the smart principles
    - Knock out criteria is checked this week on Sunday at midnight
        - Merge requests just need to be opened to count as a completed merge for the criteria
        - We will get a warning email on Tuesday in case requirements are not met
        - Everything we add in commits counts towards lines of code, even if modified or deleted afterwards
        - Check changes in merge requests to get a line count estimate (not totally accurate)

- Presentation of the current interface to TA (5 min )
    - It compiles, we have a bit of frontend and a bit of backend developed, things are not yet connected
    - The project seems to be on the right track
    - We can keep branches open even before TA meetings, no need to delete branches and rush merges next time

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    - < Code of Conduct final modifications > (3 min )
        - We will look over it one last time but it is finished
        - If something is wrong it can be fixed next week

    - < Checkstyle approval > (3 min )
        - Everyone seems to agree with the rules that were implemented

    - < Task distribution> (5 min )
        - We should begin to work on other scenes and the implementation of add, refresh, search, edit, delete
        - We delegated the tasks and we will start working on these tasks
            - Mihnea will work on the refresh option
            - Madhav will work on the search option
            - Justin and Thijs will work on add and edit because they seem to require a similar visual interface
            - Bianca will keep working on frontend
            - Stefania will work on the layer between frontend and backend 
        - We will take inspiration from the backlog pdf for design
        - We can use postman to check our implementation for endpoints
        - We should find a way to make the middle man between the frontend and backend

    - < Application accesibility> (5 min)
        - We will start with colorblind friendly colors from the beginning
        - We can find sites that will tell us if our color palette is friendly for users and what we can do to improve our design

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (5 min )
    - Everyone should start working on their assigned tasks (specified task of every member above), progress will be checked on Saturday and Tuesday during meetings
    - Code of conduct has to be submited before Sunday, Mihnea said he will handle it
    - Everyone should take care to pass the Knockout criteria before Sunday

- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (3 min )
    - We should be more specific with tasks next time
    - It was an overall good meeting

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (1 min )
    - Not discussed

- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (1 min )
    - Some questions required repetition of information (When is the Monday meeting going to be held? What does the knockout criteria entai? etc.)
    - Question: What is BuddyCheck? What does it entail?
        - Answer (TA): It is something that will be discussed at length next week, it basically means giving feedback to each teammate, it is mandatory
    - Question for the TA: Can you check our Code of Conduct before the deadline?
        - Answer (TA): It is only possible to check it after the deadline in order to give us feedback
    - Addition: We should be a bit more structured with our work and our issues and merges and be more specific with the issues 

- Closure (1 min )
