| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date : | 4.12.2024 |
| Time : | 14:45 |
| Location : | Drebbelweg (DW) IZ1 |
| Chair | Madhav Tiwari |
| Minute Taker | Justin Romeijn |
| Attendees : | Mihnea Matea, Bianca Radoi, Thijs van Deventer, Stefania Faur |

Agenda Items :
- Opening by chair (1 min )
- Check - in : How is everyone doing ? (3 min )
    - Everyone is doing alright.
- Announcements by the team (3 min )
    - There were no announcements.
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions ? (1 min )
    - Agenda approved.
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting ? (1 min )
- Announcements by the TA (5 min )
    - Knock-out criteria email was sent.
    - Buddycheck deadline is on friday, the feedback for that will be sent out next week.
    - The formative feedback we will get is not the final grade
    - Week 5 there will be no meeting, but feedback on code.
- Presentation of the current interface to TA (5 min )
    - Added some features like, searching in notes, switching , refreshing.

- Talking Points : ( Inform / brainstorm / decision making / discuss )
    - < Code of Conduct changes to be made, if it does not pass > (5 min )
        - We passed it.
    - < Discuss how we will work and communicate during week 5 (Exam week) > (3 min )
        - Meeting on sunday, and mainly using the whatsapp chat.
        - Other meetings will not be held until after the exams.
    - < After the first week, do we feel there is a better way to distribute tasks?> (3 min)
        - The distribution felt fine, just some individual issues.
    - < Task distribution> (5 min )
        - Mihnea: Will do tests for the refresh.
        - Bianca: Continue fixing issues on the frontend
        - Thijs: Changes to the add notes scene and working on collections with Madhav.
        - Stefania: Fixing problems with the connection to the server.
        - Madhav: Will work on collections with Thijs.
        - Justin: Rework delete notes and maybe work on languages.

- Summarize action points : Who , what , when ? (5 min )
    - Everyone will work on their individual tasks and giving updates in the chat group.
- Feedback round : What went well and what can be improved next time ? (3 min )
    - The meeting went pretty well.
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration ? Where / why did you mis - estimate ? (1 min )
    - We ended up being around 19 minutes early, this is becuse alot was discussed already in earlier meetings.
- Question round : Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes ? (1 min )
    - No one had anything to add.
- Closure (1 min )
